---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2015-11-21T00:16:49.952Z'
dateModified: '2015-11-20T01:14:02.089Z'
title: ''
sourcePath: _posts/2015-11-18-26dd7ffe-eb86-4e7c-ac39-9d37842bc78f.md
published: true
author: []
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
url: 26dd7ffe-eb86-4e7c-ac39-9d37842bc78f/index.html
_type: Article

---
The manipulation of our global
economic and political structures have never been so evident until now. The
stakes are in their highest and collapses in their worst for many countries
around the world.

A good deal of people in the
First World countries acknowledge that a global economic crisis is currently in
existence. Most of them however, believe that those in control can easily
manoeuvre the system to everybody's favor.

This may be true but it is also
possible that the same controllers were the ones who caused the problem.

Ideally, this concept sounds
ridiculous but it is plausible. The following brief review of the history of
the economic and political systems aims to prove this claim.

**_Central Bank_**

The earliest attempt in creating
a banking monopoly can be traced from the time of creation of the American
Republic. Bankers at that time initiated it with the support of George
Washington's Secretary of the Treasury, Alexander Hamilton. This attempt failed
and was followed by another that was strongly opposed by many including Thomas
Jefferson. Further attempts have been made but nothing lasted.

In a private meeting attended by
the leaders of the largest banks that was held on Jekyll Island, Georgia in
1913, a new concept meant to convince the public was created. They presented it
as a government body responsible for restricting the power of the banks.

The new bill had a different
title and minor word changes but it was practically the same with the old one.
The new bill was presented by the new liberal president who was actually
appointed by the banks, Woodrow Wilson. They also groomed a conservative party candidate,
Democrat Wilson who eventually got elected and installed a Secretary of
Treasury to ensure the creation of a Federal Reserve.

The people widely supported the
"Federal Agency". Little did they know that it was never a federal agency nor a
reserve. It was in reality, a privately owned conglomerate designed to give the
biggest banks the leverage to control the economy through currency issuance and
taxation. 

An indirect taxation method was
put into place because of its conservatism and long-term profitability.

Mayer Rothschild's "Let me issue
and control a nation's money and I care not who writes the laws" seemed to be
their principle.

**_Inflation as a Profit System_**

Federal Reserve-controlled
inflation was one of the income generating programs of the organization.
Profits were based relative to the currency debasement from inflation. A
currency would collapse and be replaced with a new one after it would virtually
lose its value and would need a reset.

Because of this, the Federal
Reserve designed a hundred-year programme of continuous inflation which would
eventually end after the almost 100% devalue of dollar.

The US economic crisis will
affect all other countries in a way or two so it must be addressed properly.
The public may not notice it but they will carry this burden worse as the
central banks will continue to protect their own interest and generate income
amidst any economic status.

The repeal of the Glass-Steagall
Act in 1999 allowed banks to create a massive, reckless mortgage spree. The
idea consisted of the government (i.e. taxpayers' money) saving insolvent
banks.

**_The End Game_**

Following the economic downfall
were the numerous means of confiscating people's assets. Investors prevented
from solid forms of wealth protection, safety deposit boxes and paper
currencies to make transactions became invalid. The government was to control
as much asset as possible to save the economy.

The downside of this structure
was the effect it would have on the people. Understandably, this would generate
chaos among the angry public who felt betrayed by their own government. Hence,
the Police State.

But the truth was unstoppable.
The controllers might never achieve their objective and the public will
eventually lose their faith in the leaders and the system. 

Hope in the form of
internationalization is hanging on its thread, but it's still there. We have to
act now.

Editor's Note: A big part of any strategy to
reduce your political risk is to place some of your savings outside the
immediate reach of the thieving bureaucrats in your home country. Obtaining an
offshore bank account is a convenient way to do just that.
That way your savings cannot be easily
confiscated, frozen, or devalued at the drop of a hat or with a couple of taps
on the keyboard. In the event capital controls are imposed, an offshore bank
account will help ensure that you have access to your money when you need it
the most.